docs(toggle): add helperText and errorText section (#4033)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: static/usage/v8/toggle/helper-error/vue.md

```html

> <template>
>   <form @submit.prevent="submit">
>     <ion-toggle
>       v-model="wifi"
>       helper-text="This needs to be enabled"
>       error-text="This field is required"
>       @ionChange="validateToggle"
>       :class="{ 'ion-valid': isValid, 'ion-invalid': isValid === false, 'ion-touched': isTouched }"
>     >
>       Wi-Fi
>     </ion-toggle>
> 
>     <br />
> 
>     <ion-button type="submit" size="small">Submit</ion-button>
>   </form>
> </template>
> 
> <script lang="ts">
>   import { defineComponent, ref } from 'vue';
>   import { IonToggle, IonButton, ToggleCustomEvent } from '@ionic/vue';
> 
>   export default defineComponent({
>     components: {
>       IonToggle,
>       IonButton,
>     },
>     setup() {
>       const wifi = ref(false);
>       const isTouched = ref(false);
>       const isValid = ref<boolean | undefined>();
> 
>       const validateToggle = (event: ToggleCustomEvent<{ checked: boolean }>) => {
>         isTouched.value = true;
>         isValid.value = event.detail.checked;
>       };
> 
>       const submit = () => {
>         validateToggle({ detail: { checked: wifi.value } } as ToggleCustomEvent<{ checked: boolean }>);
>       };
> 
>       return {
>         wifi,
>         isTouched,
>         isValid,
>         validateToggle,
>         submit,
>       };
>     },
>   });
> </script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<template>
  <ion-toggle
    v-model="wifi"
    helper-text="Enable to connect to available networks"
    error-text="Must be enabled to access the internet"
    justify="space-between"
    @ionChange="validateToggle"
    :class="{
      'ion-valid': isValid,
      'ion-invalid': isValid === false,
      'ion-touched': isTouched,
    }"
  >
    Wi-Fi
  </ion-toggle>
</template>

<script lang="ts">
import { defineComponent, ref } from 'vue';
import { IonToggle, IonButton, ToggleCustomEvent } from '@ionic/vue';

export default defineComponent({
  components: {
    IonToggle,
    IonButton,
  },
  setup() {
    const wifi = ref(true);
    const isTouched = ref(false);
    const isValid = ref<boolean | undefined>();

    const validateToggle = (event: ToggleCustomEvent<{ checked: boolean }>) => {
      isTouched.value = true;
      isValid.value = event.detail.checked;
    };

    return {
      wifi,
      isTouched,
      isValid,
      validateToggle,
    };
  },
});
</script>
```
